What is a pity timer?
When you open card packs in Hearthstone, you are guaranteed to find an epic card within 10 packs and a legendary one within 40.
This is called a pity timer and there is one for each expansion.

This program has a pity timer tracker for both epic and legendary cards of every expansion and a total card packs counter for each expansion to keep track of how many packs you have opened.

How it works:

For each expansion there is a dedicated panel containing:
1) The icon of the expansion, which is a link to the expansion's official webpage (except 'Classic')
2) A pity timer tracker for epic cards with buttons to modify the tracker and a label displaying the probability of finding an epic card in the next pack
3) A pity timer tracker for legendary cards with buttons to modify the tracker and a label displaying the probability of finding a legendary card in the next pack
4) A total card packs counter with buttons and fields to modify the counter and a card pack button, which is a link to the Battle.net Shop for purchasing card packs of this expansion

'Wild' sets are hidden by default. You can switch between 'Standard' and 'Wild' sets by pressing the 'Standard Sets' and 'Wild Sets' buttons respectively.
Whenever either of these buttons is pressed, buttons corresponding to the Hearthstone years will be displayed.
These buttons work as shortcuts and when you press them, you are instantly shown the respective year's expansions.
(This is especially helpful in 'Wild', where there are many more sets, and it takes a bit longer to navigate through the panels.)

Every number on the tracker (pity timers, probabilities, pack totals) is stored in a file located in the 'Documents' folder, and you can locate it easily in your system by pressing the folder icon on the top right.
If you want to back up the data of your tracker or move it to another system, just copy this file.
It is also very important to keep a back-up of this file in another folder on your system in case the file is overwritten improperly when a newer version of the program is executed for the first time.
(Warning! Do not modify this file by yourself or the program might not work properly, and you may lose your tracker's data. For this reason, the file is in read-only mode.)
(Attention! This program cannot be executed if you have changed the default 'Documents' folder in your system.)

More details on the modify buttons and fields:
Reset:   Sets the tracker value to '0'
+:   Sets the tracker value according to the value of the field on its right ('Number Field')
Number field:   The number of packs to be added to the tracker when pressing '+' (default is 1)
Modify:   Opens a pop-up window in which you can enter the number of packs you have opened manually (It does not add to the counter, it sets the counter value to the input number)

Note:
The probability of finding an epic or a legendary card in the next pack is not calculated based on statistical data from Hearthstone or other users, so it might not be so accurate.
It is just the result of this probability formula: 1 / (pity - counter) * 100,
where pity is the pity timer and counter is the number of packs currently opened.
For example, if you have opened 6 packs and have not found a legendary card, the probability of finding one in the next pack is 1 / (40 - 6) * 100 = 2.94%.

Created by: Tilemachos D                                                        October 2020
